Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S!
JACK ATLAS, WE'VE GOT A WARRANT
HERE FOR YOUR ARREST.
Jack: THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!
I KNOW MY RIGHTS!
I HAVEN'T DONE ANYTHING!
GET IN THE CAR!
THIS IS FOOTAGE CAPTURED
BY A SECURITY CAMERA
POSITIONED
ON THE GLEETMAN HIGHWAY.
HUH?
Crow: THAT'S JACK'S
DUEL RUNNER!
Trudge: HE'S PARTICIPATING
IN A TURBO DUEL,
AND HE'S CLEARLY TRYING
TO MAKE HIS OPPONENT CRASH.
IT WASN'T ME! I'M INNOCENT!
Crow: I THINK I KNOW
WHAT'S GOIN' ON HERE.
SINCE YOU'RE A PATHETIC
HAS-BEEN JERK
WHO CAN'T DO ANYTHING
BY HIMSELF,
YOU'RE TRYING TO RUIN
OUR TEAM'S NAME!
YOU'RE TRYING TO DRAG US ALL
WITH YOU TO LOSER TOWN.
HUH?
HOW DID THAT HAPPEN?
[MEAN LAUGH]
YOU FINALLY MADE IT!
I WAS WORRIED YOU
DIDN'T HAVE IT IN YOU.
WHO THE DEUCE ARE YOU?
MY NAME IS JACK ATLAS!
VERY CUTE! WHY ARE YOU
RUNNING AROUND
PRETENDING TO BE ME?
DON'T BE ABSURD!
YOU'RE NOT JACK ATLAS.
JACK IS A CHAMPION,
A REAL DUELIST!
YOU'RE JUST
A WANNABE HAS-BEEN!
THAT DOES IT!
D-wheel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
MY TURN. I DRAW.
TRUST GUARDIAN.
IF I USE THIS RIGHT NOW,
I CAN SUMMON RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND.
BUT THIS MONSTER
JUST ISN'T MY STYLE.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
EXPLODER DRAGONWING!
THIS TIME AROUND
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
WILL BE ATTACKING YOU
DIRECTLY!
AAH! AAH!
HOW? HOW COULD HE
HAVE MY CARDS?
WHO IS HE?
Yusei:
JACK, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
AAH!
HUH?
HE'S GONE.
♪♪
♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN?
ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHING ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMING ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND,
IT'S BLOWING ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
THIS IS ANGELA RAINES REPORTING.
JACK ATLAS, THE FORMER TURBO
DUELING CHAMPION NOW CHARGED
WITH ASSAULT,
HAS ESCAPED FROM CUSTODY
AND IS CURRENTLY AT LARGE.
SECTOR SECURITY IS ADVISING
CITIZENS TO AVOID MAJOR
HIGHWAYS IF POSSIBLE.
ANYONE WITH INFORMATION
PERTAINING TO ATLAS' WHEREABOUTS
SHOULD CONTACT
THE LOCAL AUTHORIT--
WE DON'T
HAVE INFORMATION
"PERTAINING TO HIS
WHEREABOUTS," DO WE?
YOU SAID YOU SAW HIM
LAST NIGHT ON THE
HIGHWAY, RIGHT?
HE DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING?
NO, NOT REALLY.
IT WAS WEIRD.
HE JUST SMIRKED N' TOOK OFF.
JACK...
WHAT IS GOING ON WITH YOU?
Carly: I'M TELLING YOU,
JACK IS INNOCENT!
I'M NOT GONNA WRITE
SOME HACKY SMEAR PIECE!
I BETCHA TEN TO ONE
THAT HE BUSTED OUT
BECAUSE HE'S TRYING
TO CLEAR HIS NAME!
LISTEN! I DIDN'T ASK YOU
TO WRITE YOUR THEORIES!
I ASKED YOU TO WRITE
MY THEORIES,
AND MY THEORIES INVOLVE
CELEBRITY SCANDAL
AND STOLEN MONEY!
IF THAT'S WHAT YOU WANT,
THEN YOU CAN WRITE IT YOURSELF!
THE TRUTH IS OUT THERE
SOMEWHERE,
AND I'M GONNA DO
WHATEVER IT TAKES TO FIND IT!
ARE YOU SERIOUS?
DO YOU HAVE PROOF?
YEAH, MAN--
RIGHT HERE.
CHECK IT OUT, MAN!
TWO JACKS RIGHT THERE!
ONE WAS LIKE "VRROO"
AND THEN "WAH-HA."
AND THEN THE OTHER ONE
WAS LIKE "YAAAAH!"
YEAH. IT WAS ONE OF
THE GROOVIEST THINGS EVER.
YOU'RE THE GROOVIEST THING
EVER, BABY!
NO, YOU.
NO YOU.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
YOU SURE IT WASN'T A FAKE
PICTURE OR SOMETHIN'?
YEAH, IT'S JUST GOTTA BE.
IT'S NOT EXACTLY
A COMMON MODEL.
HIS IS THE ONLY ONE LIKE IT.
WHY WOULD SOMEONE ELSE BUILD
ANOTHER ONE, UNLESS...
THAT JACK WE SAW LAST NIGHT
WAS AN IMPOSTER!
SO THE BIG QUESTION NOW IS
WHERE'S THE REAL JACK?
REMEMBER HOW THE BARRIER
NEXT TO THAT FAKE JACK
WAS SHATTERED?
YOU DON'T THINK THAT...
I DON'T KNOW...
LET'S JUST CHECK THE AREA
BELOW THE HIGHWAY.
HUH?
Yusei: CROW!
OH, NO.
WHAT IS THAT?
IS THAT ONE OF JACK'S CARDS?
IT'S TRUST GUARDIAN.
HE WOULDN'T DROP THIS.
SOMETHING'S HAPPENED!
I CAN'T BELIEVE I SAID
ALL THAT MEAN STUFF,
YUSEI!
I MEAN...
AH. HE COULD BE GONE,
AND, AND...
I'M SORRY, JACK...
WHAT HAPPENED?
[PHONE RINGS]
HMM?
Carly: WE'VE
GOT TROUBLE!
WHAT IS IT, CARLY?
JACK'S BEEN SPOTTED
ON THE HIGHWAY AGAIN,
AND SECTOR SECURITY
IS AFTER HIM!
[GRUNTING]
HA HA!
LET ME GO! WHO ARE YOU?
WHAT DO YOU
THINK YOU'RE DOING,
PRETENDING TO BE ME?
YOU DON'T GET IT,
DO YOU, OLD CHAP?
I AM YOU! A BETTER YOU!
[EVIL LAUGH]
NO!
♪♪
COME ON, JACK!
YOU'RE ONLY MAKING THINGS WORSE.
TURN YOURSELF IN!
LOOK OUT!
WHOA!
OH!
Kaz: JACK, STOP! THIS ISN'T LIKE
YOU. YOU'RE A GOOD GUY!
HA HA!
DID YOU HEAR THAT?
HE THINKS YOU'RE A GOOD GUY.
HOW VERY SWEET.
I GUESS IT'S SAFE TO SAY
HE DOESN'T KNOW YOU
VERY WELL, ISN'T IT?
STOP RUINING MY NAME!
Primo: DO YOU THINK
IT POSSIBLE
THAT WE'VE OVERESTIMATED
THIS ATLAS CHARACTER?
I'M STARTING TO DOUBT
WHETHER OR NOT
HE FITS INTO
THE GRAND DESIGN.
HAVE PATIENCE.
ALL MEN STRUGGLE WHEN TRYING
TO DEFEAT THE ENEMY WITHIN.
IT IS THROUGH THIS STRUGGLE THAT
THEY FIND THEIR TRUE STRENGTH.
YOU BETTER BE RIGHT.
IT WAS HARD
CONJURING THE ENERGY
TO COPY ALL
THOSE CARDS OF HIS.
UNH! AAH!
Crow: HEY, OFFICER KAZ!
CROW?!
Kaz: STAY BACK, GUYS,
YOU CAN'T GET INVOLVED.
THAT ISN'T JACK, KAZ.
IT'S SOME SORT OF
LOSER IMPOSTER!
IMPOSTOR?
WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT?
OF COURSE IT'S JACK!
NO, IT'S NOT.
HE'S A FAKE!
A FAKE?
HA HA! SOUNDS LIKE SOMEONE
CAN'T ACCEPT
THAT I FINALLY DECIDED
TO BE WHO I REALLY AM.
I DUNNO WHO YOU ARE,
BUT YOU ARE NOT JACK ATLAS!
SURE, JACK'S AN ARROGANT
AND SELFISH EGOMANIAC
AND HE ALWAYS EATS
MY CEREAL,
BUT HE'S MY BUDDY!
AND 'CAUSE OF YOU
I SAID HORRIBLE THINGS
I CAN'T TAKE BACK NOW.
YOU KNOW WHAT IT'S LIKE
TO KNOW
YOU MIGHT NEVER BE
ABLE TO APOLOGIZE
TO YOUR FRIEND?
I'M RIGHT HERE, CROW!
BUT EVEN IF I CAN'T TELL
MY FRIEND THAT I'M SORRY...
I CAN AT LEAST
TRY TO DO HIM RIGHT
BY KICKING
YOUR SORRY BUTT!
GO AHEAD AND TRY IT,
PIPSQUEAK!
WHA!
CROW, NOOOO!
AAH! AAH!
YOU OKAY?!
HA HA!
THAT LITTLE JOKE
THOUGHT HE COULD
TAKE ME ON,
BUT A CHAMPION LIKE ME
DEVOURS PIPSQUEAKS
LIKE HIM
ON A DAILY BASIS!
NO WAY! IF YOU WERE
REALLY JACK ATLAS,
YOU'D KNOW THAT
"THAT LITTLE JOKE"
IS ONE OF YOUR BEST BUDS
AND YOU WOULDN'T DO ANYTHING
TO HURT YOUR FRIENDS!
A CHAMPION HAS NO USE
FOR FRIENDS!
ONLY LOSERS SIT AROUND
AND DEPEND ON FRIENDS.
CHAMPIONS REIGN ALONE!
LOOK OUT!
ARGH!
[GASPS]
YUSEI! THAT DOES IT!
NOBODY MESSES WITH MY MATES
AND GETS AWAY WITH IT!
ARGH!
[GRUNTING]
MY DUEL RUNNER!
I'M IN PURSUIT OF THE SUSPECT,
HEADING NORTH THROUGH
CENTER FIELD DISTRICT.
REQUESTING BACKUP.
MAKE WAY FOR
THE REAL JACK ATLAS,
YOU SECOND-RATE WANNABE!
IT'S JACK!!
THERE REALLY ARE
TWO OF 'EM!!
[GROANING]
HUH?
WAIT. DOES THIS MEAN
JACK IS ALL RIGHT?!
JACK, CATCH!
HUH. YOU REALLY WANT ME
TO USE THIS CARD,
DON'T YOU, YUSEI?
YOU CLAIM TO BE A BETTER
VERSION OF ME, BUT YOU'RE WRONG.
YOU'RE NOT A BETTER ME.
YOU'RE THE WORST IN ME.
YOU'RE ALL MY NEGATIVE QUALITIES
COME TO LIFE,
AND I MAY HAVE LET YOU DEFEAT ME
ONCE, BUT NOW...
IT'S TIME FOR A REMATCH!
HA!
Both: LET'S DO THIS!
ACTIVATING THE SPEED WORLD 2
FIELD SPELL!
D-wheel computer:
DUEL MODE ENGAGED.
THIS WHITE LIGHT AGAIN.
THIS MUST BE WHAT MAKES
DUEL DAMAGE BECOME
REAL SOMEHOW.
D-wheel computer: FORMULATING
CROSSTOWN DUEL COURSE
AND AWAITING CENTRAL GRID
AUTHORITY'S OFFICIAL
AUTHORIZATION.
AUTHORIZATION
HAS BEEN GRANTED.
A TURBO DUEL
IS ABOUT TO COMMENCE.
COMBAT LANE TRANSFIGURATION
UNDER WAY.
ALL NON-DUELING VEHICLES
MUST VACATE THE COMBAT
LANE IMMEDIATELY.
LET'S DO THIS!
YOU'RE GOING DOWN!
I'LL GO FIRST!
I SUMMON ARCHFIEND
INTERCEPTOR IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
HONESTLY, YOU CLOWN,
HOW DO YOU EXPECT
TO DEFEAT ME WHEN
I'M A BETTER YOU?
I HOPE YOU'RE READY
TO EAT THOSE WORDS!
IT'S MY TURN!
TRUST GUARDIAN.
IF I HAD USED THIS
DURING OUR FIRST DUEL,
I WOULD'VE BEEN ABLE TO
SYNCHRO SUMMON RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND BEFORE HIM.
BUT I LET MY PRIDE
GET IN THE WAY.
THAT WAS A HUGE MISTAKE.
A MISTAKE I CAN'T LET
HAPPEN AGAIN.
[GROWLING]
WHEN YOUR FIELD IS
THE ONLY ONE THAT
HAS ANY MONSTERS ON IT,
I'M ABLE TO SUMMON
VICE DRAGON FROM
MY HAND!
NEXT, I'M SUMMONING
THE TRUST GUARDIAN
TUNER MONSTER!
D-wheel computer: IF A SYNCHRO
MONSTER USES TRUST GUARDIAN
AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL,
IT CAN NEGATE ITS DESTRUCTION
BY GIVING UP 400 ATTACK POINTS.
OH, YEAH!!
AND NOW, VICE DRAGON
GETS A TUNING
FROM TRUST GUARDIAN.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
NOW PREPARE TO LOSE!
♪♪
THERE THEY ARE!
[GASPS]
IT LOOKS LIKE
THE TWO JACKS ARE BATTLING!
THIS IS THE ULTIMATE SCOOP!
PULL OVER, MISS!
YOU CAN'T BE HERE.
THIS IS A COMBAT LANE!
IT'S OKAY,
I'M A JOURNALIST!
HOPE YOU'RE READY,
'CAUSE RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND IS ATTACKING
ARCHFIEND INTERCEPTOR!
GO ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE!
I'M MORE THAN READY,
'CAUSE WHEN YOU ATTACK
ARCHFIEND INTERCEPTOR,
YOU TAKE 500 POINTS
OF DIRECT DAMAGE!
ARGH!
I MAY HAVE TAKEN A HIT,
BUT ARCHFIEND'S GONNA DESTROY
ARCHFIEND INTERCEPTOR!
[GROANING]
HUH. I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
THIS SHOULD BE FUN. HA HA!
NOW YOU'RE THE ONLY ONE
WITH MONSTERS ON HIS FIELD,
SO THAT MEANS THAT I CAN SUMMON
VICE DRAGON JUST LIKE YOU DID!
AND THAT MEANS...
THAT I'M SUMMONING THE FLARE
RESONATOR TUNER MONSTER!
NOW FLARE RESONATOR
TUNES VICE DRAGON!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
A FAKE, JUST LIKE YOU!
TWO DRAGON ARCHFIENDS?
HOW IS THAT POSSIBLE?
EXCUSE ME, DRAGONS, COULD YOU
HOLD STILL FOR A MOMENT?!
WHEN A SYNCHRO MONSTER
USES FLARE RESONATOR
AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL...
IT GAINS 300 ATTACK POINTS.
HE'S MADE HIS RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND MORE POWERFUL
THAN MINE.
ATTACK!
GO ABSOLUTE POWERFORCE!
[GRUNTS]
WHEN A SYNCHRO MONSTER
USES TRUST GUARDIAN
AS SYNCHRO MATERIAL,
IT CAN SAVE ITSELF
FROM DESTRUCTION
BY SACRIFICING
400 ATTACK POINTS.
I PLACE ONE CARD FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN!
SO, TO KEEP YOUR DRAGON
ON YOUR FIELD...
YOU HUMILIATED IT
BY MAKING IT WEAKER.
HOW PATHETIC!
THE DUELIST WHO RELIES
TOO MUCH ON POWER
WILL EVENTUALLY BE
DEFEATED BY POWER.
ALLOW ME TO DEMONSTRATE!
GO, RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND.
WIPE THAT IMPOSTER
OFF THE FIELD!
YOUR RED DRAGON ISN'T
AS POWERFUL AS MINE IS.
ARE YOU JUST GIVING UP NOW
OR SOMETHING?
NO, I'M JUST
ACTIVATING THE
ASSAULT SPIRITS TRAP!
SEE, BY SENDING
ONE MONSTER
WITH LESS THAN
A THOUSAND ATTACK POINTS
TO MY GRAVEYARD,
I CAN GIVE THAT
MONSTER'S ATTACK POINTS
TO RED DRAGON!
NOW WE'VE GOT
A REAL CLASH
OF THE TITANS!
SO, IT'S MUTUALLY ASSURED
DESTRUCTION YOU WANT?
YOU'RE FORGETTING
ABOUT TRUST
GUARDIAN'S ABILITY!
BY SACRIFICING 400
ATTACK POINTS, MY RED
DRAGON CAN SURVIVE.
I PLACE ONE CARD
FACEDOWN
AND END MY TURN,
AND THE EFFECT OF
ASSAULT SPIRITS
WEARS OFF.
HMPH! A WOUNDED
LITTLE LIZARD LIKE THAT
CAN HARDLY CALL ITSELF
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
JUST LIKE YOU,
IT'S NOT WHO IT ONCE WAS.
IT'S A SHADOW
OF ITS FORMER SELF!
NOW, SINCE THERE'S
NO MONSTERS ON MY FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON BIG PIECE GOLEM
IN ATTACK MODE!
NEXT, I'M ACTIVATING
THE ANGEL BATON SPEED SPELL!
NOW I CAN DRAW
TWO CARDS FROM MY DECK,
AND SEND ONE FROM MY HAND
TO MY GRAVEYARD.
THEN I ACTIVATE THE POWERFUL
REBIRTH TRAP CARD,
WHICH ENABLES ME TO SUMMON SMALL
PIECE GOLEM FROM MY GRAVEYARD.
AND THEN I'LL ENHANCE ITS
STRENGTH WITH REBIRTH'S POWER,
INCREASING ITS ATTACK POINTS
BY A HUNDRED!
THEN WHEN I'VE GOT BIG GOLEM
AND SMALL GOLEM TOGETHER,
I CAN SUMMON MEDIUM PIECE
GOLEM AS WELL!
AND NOW YOU'LL
FUSION SUMMON
MULTIPLE PIECE GOLEM
BY USING SPEED FUSION,
RIGHT?
DON'T BE ABSURD!
I'M GOING TO USE THAT
ASSAULT SPIRITS TRAP CARD
OF YOURS AS BAIT
TO SUMMON TRAP EATER
TO THE FIELD!
A TUNER MONSTER?!
NOW, MY LEVEL 4 TRAP EATER
TUNES MY LEVEL 4
SMALL PIECE GOLEM!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
YOU'VE GOT ANOTHER ONE?!
AND NOW, SINCE I
SUCCESSFULLY SYNCHRO SUMMONED,
I CAN SUMMON THE SYNCHRO MAGNET
TUNER MONSTER FROM MY HAND!
AND WITH IT ON MY FIELD,
I CAN GIVE BIG PIECE GOLEM
A TUNE-UP!
NEXT, I PLAY
REINCARNATION RING!
BY RELEASING MY LEVEL 4
MEDIUM PIECE GOLEM,
THIS TRAP ALLOWS ME TO SUMMON
A MONSTER FROM MY GRAVEYARD
THAT'S TWICE AS POWERFUL.
WHY SETTLE FOR JUST TWO
WHEN YOU CAN BATTLE WITH
THREE RED DRAGON ARCHFIENDS!
HE'S GOT 3 RED DRAGON
ARCHFIENDS?!
INCREDIBLE.
AMAZING.
INCREDIBLY AMAZING!
HA HA! THIS IS
THE BIG FINISH, LITTLE CLOWN,
THE GRAND FINALE,
THE ULTIMATE CLIMAX!
MY THREE
RED DRAGON ARCHFIENDS
ARE GOING TO FEAST ON YOUR
WITHERING LITTLE BEAST!
AAAAH!
HOLD OUT, RED DRAGON,
STAY STRONG...
THIS IS THE END! MY THIRD
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND ATTACKS!
IF THIS ATTACK SUCCEEDS,
THEN JACK IS A GONER!
NO!
COME ON, JACK,
DO SOMETHING!
[MEAN LAUGH]
♪♪
IT'S THE END
OF THE ROAD, JACK!
MY THIRD RED DRAGON ATTACKS!
HA HA!
AH!
All: WHAT HAPPENED?!
SO YOU MANAGED TO DELAY
YOUR DEFEAT
BY ACTIVATING RAY OF HOPE
AND HALVING THE DAMAGE.
AND LET'S NOT FORGET
RAY OF HOPE'S
OTHER EFFECT!
AFTER THE END
OF THE BATTLE PHASE,
I CAN USE RAY OF
HOPE TO SUMMON ONE
LEVEL 1 MONSTER
FROM MY HAND,
SO I SUMMON DARK BUG!
CUTE. BUT IT WON'T
DO YOU MUCH GOOD.
MEANWHILE, EVERY TIME
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
TAKES AN ATTACK,
IT WITHERS EVEN MORE,
LOSING ITS CLAWS,
LOSING ITS FANGS,
LOSING ITS WILL TO GO ON
AND BECOMING LESS OF A FIGHTER,
JUST LIKE YOU.
YOU JUST DON'T GET IT!
IT'S TRUE THAT I'VE
BEEN STRUGGLING LATELY,
BUT I'VE EMERGED
AND I'M STRONGER
THAN I USED TO BE.
BECAUSE I HAVE PEOPLE
IN MY LIFE THAT
I TRUST AND LOVE.
ME?!
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND,
WHO BATTLES ON DESPITE
THE DAMAGE IT'S TAKEN,
AND THE TRUST GUARDIAN
THAT CONTINUES
TO PROTECT IT
BOTH REPRESENT
THE STRENGTH
MY FRIENDS GIVE ME.
THAT'S RIGHT.
YOU'RE THE SELFISH JACK
I USED TO BE,
THE JACK THAT HAD NO USE
FOR FRIENDS,
AND THAT MAKES YOU
THE WEAKER ONE!
AH!
HUH?
WHAT'S GOING ON?
THEY'RE GATHERING TOGETHER.
ALL RIGHT, CRIMSON DRAGON,
GET TO IT!
GIVE JACK THE POWER
THAT HE NEEDS!
NOW, ALLOW ME
TO SHOW YOU
WHAT A REAL DUELIST
IS CAPABLE OF.
I HOPE YOU'RE READY TO
ACCEPT DEFEAT, BECAUSE...
YOU'RE GOING TO LOSE!
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD
MAJESTIC DRAGON
IN ATTACK MODE!
AND NOW MAJESTIC DRAGON
TUNES RED DRAGON
ARCHFIEND
AND DARK BUG!
THIS IS MY TRUE POWER!
I SYNCHRO SUMMON--
MAJESTIC RED DRAGON!
UNBELIEVABLE!
BELIEVE IT,
YOU INADEQUATE PUNK!
AND MAJESTIC RED DRAGON
HAS A SPECIAL ABILITY!
IT CAN ABSORB
ALL OF THE ATTACK POINTS
FROM ONE OF THE MONSTERS
ON YOUR FIELD!
GO POWER GAIN!
7,000 ATTACK POINTS?!
IT'S BEEN SO NICE AND
ALL HAVING YOU AROUND!
BUT IT'S TIME FOR
THE REAL JACK ATLAS
TO STAND UP!
GO ULTIMATE POWERFORCE!
THAT THING'S A ROBOT?
WELL, I GUESS THAT
WAS IMPRESSIVE.
AND I WENT THROUGH
ALL THAT TROUBLE
TO COPY THOSE CARDS.
WHAT A WASTE!
THE CIRCUIT'S
BEEN ACTIVATED!
EXCELLENT.
I TOLD YOU HE'D FIT INTO
THE GRAND DESIGN.
JACK! YOU DID IT!
AND I WITNESSED
THE WHOLE THING!
SO I CAN TESTIFY THAT
YOU WEREN'T THE ONE
COMMITTING THOSE CRIMES.
THANK YOU, KAZ.
I KNEW JACK WAS INNOCENT.
I JUST KNEW IT!
HOLD STILL!
OKAY...
IT-- IT IS YOU!
I THOUGHT I'D NEVER
SEE YOU AGAIN!
I THOUGHT A LOTTA
THINGS ABOUT YOU
THAT WEREN'T TRUE.
I-- I SAID ALL SORTS
O' MEAN STUFF,
AND I CALLED YOU
NAMES LIKE...
IT'S NOT YOUR FAULT, CROW.
I WAS BEING STUBBORN.
ALTHOUGH IF YOU WANNA KEEP
GROVELING AND APOLOGIZING,
I'LL TAKE IT.
ALL RIGHT, DON'T
MILK IT, YOU JERK!
[LAUGHTER]
Crow: YOU'RE SURE THIS IS WHERE
YOU WERE BEING HELD?
Jack: YES, I'M SURE.
THERE WAS A CAVE, AND--
BUT IT'S GONE NOW.
EVEN MY DUEL RUNNER TRACKS
ARE GONE.
I JUST DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WHAT WAS THAT ROBOT?
WHY WAS IT RUNNING AROUND
AND ACTING LIKE ME?
AND HOW DID IT HAVE
MY CARDS?
DO YOU THINK MAYBE
THIS ROBOT HAS
ANYTHING TO DO
WITH THAT OTHER
DUEL BOT?
IT'S DEFINITELY ALL CONNECTED,
I'M SURE OF IT.
THE DUEL BOTS, ILLIASTER,
THE GRAND PRIX--
THE PIECES ARE THERE.
NOW IT'S UP TO US
TO FIGURE OUT
HOW THEY ALL FIT TOGETHER.